Update the procedures in package management (#2117)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-packages-on-a-host.adoc

[id="Installing_Packages_on_a_Host_{context}"]
= Installing Packages on a Host

> Use this procedure to review and install packages on a host using the {ProjectWebUI}.

Reviewer: The procedure does not talk about reviewing packages.
```suggestion
Use this procedure to install packages on a host using the {ProjectWebUI}.
```

The list of packages available for installation depends on the Content View and Lifecycle Environment assigned to the host.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Select the host you want to install packages on.

> . On the *Content* tab, select the *Packages* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Content* tab, navigate to the *Packages* subtab.
```

> . On the vertical ellipsis icon at the top, click *Install Packages*.

Author: It doesn't have any immediate element and hence, kept it more `generic`.

> . On the vertical ellipsis icon at the top, click *Install Packages*.

Author: Addressed :+1:

> . In the *Install packages* window, select the packages that you want to install on the host.

Author: It's a popup window :+1:
